The application can only be logged in from the web and mobile by the user. 
To login from the web, the user needs to use a web browser like google chrome, firefox mozilla, opera and others. 
If you do not have any of these web browsers please download them and install. 
The downloaded and installed web browsers has to be the latest version but not older versions.
It is not possible to log into the web application if the user do not have a web browser.
To login in from the mobile, the user needs to have an android or IOS device.
The user can also login from the mobile device using a web browser on the mobile device like google chrome, firefox mozilla, opera and others.
The user needs to download the application on playstore for android devices and appstore for IOS devices.
The download application has to be the current version but not an older version.
It is not possible to log into the mobile application if the user do not have the downloaded application installed.
Only the UserId and Password is used for login.
Before login, the user should know the UserId and Password of the user account.
For successful login, the UserId and Password should be valid else login failed.
User data validator is used validate the login information.

Here are some example users for login is below: 
1. UserId: 1234567, Password: haveme
2. UserId: 2345678, Password: takeme
3. UserId: 2837492, Password: pounchme
and others

All users from France or Spain can use the application to login.
Users from other countries can use the application to login.
A Corporate web user from France should be able to use the France web Corporate application to login.
A Corporate web user from Spain should be able to use the Spain web Corporate application to login.
A Corporate mobile user from France should be able to use the France mobile Corporate application to login.
A Corporate mobile user from Spain should be able to use the Spain mobile Corporate application to login.
A Corporate mobile user from France should be able to use the France web Corporate application to login.
A Corporate mobile user from Spain should be able to use the Spain web Corporate application to login.
A Corporate web user from France should be able to use the France mobile Corporate application to login.
A Corporate web user from Spain should be able to use the Spain mobile Corporate application to login.
A Corporate web user from France should not be able to use the Spain web Corporate application to login.
A Corporate web user from Spain should not be able to use the France web Corporate application to login.
A Corporate web user from France should not be able to use the France web Household application to login.
A Corporate web user from Spain should not be able to use the Spain web Household application to login.
A Corporate mobile user from France should not be able to use the France mobile Household application to login.
A Corporate mobile user from Spain should not be able to use the France mobile Household application to login.
A Household web user from France or Spain should be able to use the France or Spain web Corporate application to login.
A Household web user from France or Spain should be able to use the France or Spain mobile Corporate application to login.
A Household web user from France should be able to use the France web Corporate application to login.
A Household web user from Spain should be able to use the Spain web Corporate application to login.
A Household mobile user from France should be able to use the France mobile Corporate application to login.
A Household mobile user from Spain should be able to use the Spain mobile Corporate application to login.
A Household mobile user from France should be able to use the France web Corporate application to login.
A Household mobile user from Spain should be able to use the Spain web Corporate application to login.
A Household web user from France should be able to use the France mobile Corporate application to login.
A Household web user from Spain should be able to use the Spain mobile Corporate application to login.
All others combinations of segment, channel and country are allowed to login.